composer.json --- hold project assets/dependencies
package.json -- This is relatated to frontend dependency.

APP - core -- controller middleware

PUBLIC - The public directory contains the index.php file, which is the entry point for all requests entering your application and configures autoloading. This directory also houses your assets such as images, JavaScript, and CSS.
 
RESOURCES - The resources directory contains your views as well as your raw, un-compiled assets such as CSS or JavaScript.

ROUTE -  The routes directory contains all of the route definitions for your application. By default, several route files are included with Laravel: web.php, api.php, console.php, and channels.php.
 
	web.php - The web.php file contains routes that the RouteServiceProvider places in the web middleware group, which provides session state, CSRF protection, and cookie encryption. If your application does not offer a stateless, RESTful API then all your routes will most likely be defined in the web.php file.
	web.php	- we can register web routes for our application. ex. Route::get('/','RegisterController@index'); Route::post('/register','RegisterController@register');
	api.php -  can register API routes for our application.
	channels.php - we may register all of the event broadcasting channels that our application supports.
	
STORAGE - - It stores logs, files based session and other thing. 
TEST -  test code
VENDOR-- composer vendor folder


The Root Directory

	The app Directory
	The bootstrap Directory
	The config Directory
	The database Directory
	The lang Directory
	The public Directory
	The resources Directory
	The routes Directory
	The storage Directory
	The tests Directory
	The vendor Directory
	
The App Directory

	The Broadcasting Directory
	The Console Directory
	The Events Directory
	The Exceptions Directory
	The Http Directory
	The Jobs Directory
	The Listeners Directory
	The Mail Directory
	The Models Directory
	The Notifications Directory
	The Policies Directory
	The Providers Directory
	The Rules Directory

